GF-new-teal (1)
Recipes
Health
What to buy
Christmas
Subscribe
Festive Market St
Search
Search recipes...
Home
Recipes
Easy chicken curry


Easy chicken curry
Esther Clark
A star rating of 4.5 out of 5.
265 ratings
Rate
115 comments
Gift a magazine subscription with 12 issues for £34.99
Preparation and cooking time
Prep:5 mins
Cook:45 mins
Easy
Serves 4
This easy staple chicken curry is a fantastic recipe for family dinners. It's made with just a handful of ingredients and is enriched with creamy yogurt

Egg-free
Gluten-free
Low sugar
Showing items 1 to 3 of 6

Ingredients
Nutrition
2 tbsp sunflower oil
1 onion
thinly sliced
2 garlic cloves
crushed
thumb-sized piece of ginger
grated
6 chicken thighs
boneless and skinless
3 tbsp medium spice paste
(tikka works well)
400g can chopped tomatoes
100g Greek yogurt
1 small bunch of coriander
leaves chopped
50g ground almonds
naan breads
or cooked basmati rice, to serve
Method
step 1
Heat the oil in a flameproof casserole dish or large frying pan over a medium heat. Add the onion and a generous pinch of salt and fry for 8-10 mins, or until the onion has turned golden brown and sticky. Add the garlic and ginger, cooking for a further minute.

step 2
Chop the chicken into chunky 3cm pieces, add to the pan and fry for 5 mins before stirring through the spice paste and tomatoes, along with 250ml water. Bring to the boil, lower to a simmer and cook on a gentle heat uncovered for 25-30 mins or until rich and slightly reduced. Stir though the yogurt, coriander and ground almonds, season and serve with warm naan or fluffy basmati rice.

How to thicken curry sauce
If you find your sauce is on the runny side, there are several ways to fix this. Here are our top 3 methods:

Simmering gently on a low temperature will reduce the volume of liquid as well as intensifying the flavour of the curry.
Add 1 tbsp cornflour to 2-3 tbsp of cold water to form a slurry. Then add this to the curry and simmer until it thickens.
Add a few tbsp of Greek yogurt, which will give the curry a lovely creamy consistency too.